hi I'm now to swallow and I'm gonna be
showing you how to cook a really great
family dish with a rather special secret
ingredient and today's dish is cottage
pie with my secret ingredient now I've
got some oil already heated in my frying
pan so I'm just gonna add my mince and
now let that Brown right my mince is
nicely Brown now I'm just gonna take
that out then cook the onion and carrots
until they're nice and soft about five
minutes okay my veg is nice and soft now
so I'm gonna put the Mint's back in the
pan add some water my stock cube put a
stir just bring it up to the bubble
again and then turn it down nice and low
and let it cook for 10 minutes right
it's time to add my secret ingredient
some gorgeous Heinz tomato ketchup and a
couple of tablespoons of Lea & Perrins
Worcestershire sauce I can give that a
lovely oh it smells yummy
okay so I'm gonna leave that to just
bubble away for a bit I've got my
potatoes here that I've cooked in
boiling water until nice and soft and
now I'm gonna add some milk a little
mustard for some extra zing I'm gonna
add some of my cheese because I want to
save some of it for the top now I'm
gonna give that a mash okay my mash is
nice and creamy now so I just want to
thicken my mixture a bit so I'm gonna
add a teaspoon full of corn flour to a
little water mix that up and I'm just
gonna pour it into my mince now that's
ready to go into my oven proof dish get
this the ultimate comfort food
put my mash on to the top okay
just gonna take a fork sprinkle on the
rest of my cheese
so I've got the oven at 200 degrees so
I'm just gonna pop my lovely cottage pie
in there we go and cook that for about
15 to 20 minutes until the cheese is all
lovely and bubbly there you go my
cottage pie with my secret ingredient
and I always like to serve it with peas
on the side for more of my secret
ingredient recipes check out the other
videos on this Facebook site